# Exploring Algorithmic Determination of Musical Mode #
## PSYCH 713: Special Topics in PNB I ##
Konrad Swierczek: swierckj@mcmaster.ca<br>
Supervised by Michael Schutz, MAPLE Lab<br>
Updated 20/09/22<br>

This repo contains all of the materials associated with a module completed towards the requirements of the pHd in Science at McMaster University, Department of Psychology, Neuroscience, & Behaviour. The writeup can be found in kswierczek_maplemodule_writeup.pdf, as generated from mirmode_analysis.qmd. See references.bib for bibliography of sources referenced during the module. The "data" subfolder contains all data generated by the analyses as well as metadata associated with the stimulus set. The "plots" subfolder contains all extra plots not shown in the writeup, such as pitch class distributions for individual pieces, and finer grained visualizations. Audio and MIDI files used are too large for a repo, but are contained in a OneDrive link referenced in mirmode_analysis.qmd.

### Contents ###
* data
* plots
* mirmode_midi.py
* mirmode_mirtoolbox.m
* kswierczek_maplemodule_writeup.pdf
* mirmode_analysis.qmd
* references.bib

### Dependencies ###
* R 4.2.1
    * ggplot2
    * ggpubr
    * matlabr
* Python 3.9
    * music21
* MATLAB R2021b
    * MIRtoolbox
* Quarto 1.0.38

### Reproducing ###
mirmode_analysis.qmd contains all the code needed to reproduce the analysis. mirmode_mitroolbox.m contains all mirtoolbox code, mirmode_midi.py contains the MIDI version of mirmode.

You can use the mirmode.m file on another stimulus set simply by changing the "directory" variable. 

midi_mirmode.py contains all the functions necessary to use another dataset. 

### License ###